and to be honest I have to give him
credit because it's not that I've been paying attention
to the date I said it I
said it at noon with the video that was
uploaded in all honesty it's not that I've been paying
attention to the date or
had it marked on the calendar or
anything like that but when I saw
Domenec
Enes in one of his videos the
other day that we saw Here I'm going to put an excerpt okay Here I'm going to put an excerpt but it's not this was a video that we saw a couple of days ago Well he was commenting on the 28th not that the 28th was the deadline in which the
last appeal could be filed Rocío Carrasco
still had one chance to appeal eh she had one I don't know if there are
three times that she can appeal eh
when your case is dismissed Let's
see, that's a criminal offense okay that's kind of
different it's not like a sentence
or anything like that it's a
complaint that she files okay they admit it for
processing to see what happens and
then there are the proceedings  previous let's
say it's called no that it's the
investigation Antonia Vilan has been
investigating for 3 years eh the matter they have
not been investigating the matter well
for 3 years what they say no it's not that he has not
been acquitted because he has not been
tried no forgive me forgive me but it has
passed through many hands by many
judges I don't think like seven in total and he has
been investigated and there is no indication
of any crime in those proceedings
because Carrasco has been interrogated
psychological tests have been done I don't know what expert report
Antonio David has been interrogated okay
eh he has been interrogated I think the
children the family I think a bit
of everything happened I don't know it by heart eh
Maybe I'm wrong about something but the thing is they
provisionally archive it he can
appeal it they archive it again he
appeals it again and I think he had one more
now it was provisionally archived
again and if I'm not mistaken ten had
one more that he could appeal and he hasn't
used it because he can't
okay there because from what I have been able to
verify it is true it is true attention
that Rocío Carrasco already tried to reopen the
case of course the last  time he tries to
reopen it But this logic is very
simple also eh the last time he
tries to reopen it is when he
alleges an alleged
suicide attempt and he alleges that it has to
do with abuse in some way
because the daughter is going to defend the father on
Big Brother look at the story no
eh when that no longer works for her when they
already tell her that nanai that we remember that
when they do not admit it to her Antonio
David is inside the Big Brother house
and his daughter tells him and then in
the documentary she translates that as if she is
happy about the mother's suicide attempt
anyway she makes her translation not
another of the falsehoods from the
documentary
no when that
happens I imagine that she has not Fidel has
studied law will have given more
thought to the subject than us not the
lawyer and so on no when that
happens she already knows that she has no more legal
possibilities
legally to do anything to
Antonio David she knows it
then yes she also It's that this is
logic It's that this is very simple and I have
told you many times how simple it
is as simple as if Rocío
Carrasco were safe  or had the
slightest thought I'm not going to tell you anymore
I was sure
but that I had the slightest thought
okay that I had the m belief that she
has a
judicial possibility she doesn't make the
docuseries she doesn't make the doku series you
Imagine how you're going to make the doku series
if you're saying that it's abuse the
fact that your ex-partner goes around the
sets putting you down that she's
traumatizing your life I don't know
what I said it today I said it the
other day and I'll say it again that then
everyone can agree or
disagree with
Antonio David's interventions on TV and in
magazines
okay I personally see it as a
media conflict between the two
characters of the heart in which both
have lent themselves to this to me
sincerely I don't like that this is
labeled as abuse as
gender violence Why Because we're
putting it At the same
level as
real victims no I mean
[ __ ] Ana Orante that they even compared her
No then you can all
agree not with
Antonio David's interventions okay I think that well I don't know them
all by heart but
surely if we  we put here to see
some Well, with some we would
agree and with others we would not, obviously with
some behaviors we would not but just as we
will not agree with
some of Rocío Carrasco's behavior
this is a media battle
in which she stops speaking
publicly when she starts making
demands because that is what is recommended,
no, it has not served her at all, it has not served her
at all But she continues attacking,
she also participates in the war What
happens is that maybe instead of
doing it herself, Fidel calls the
phone number of I don't know who calls the
phone number of the program I don't know how much and
if not, well she passes the information to
some journalists
No, she participates, each one wants to
tarnish the image of the other, okay, perfect,
if you are announcing that as
gender violence, it would not occur to you to record a
documentary when she is going to record a
documentary for telec charging the fortune
that you will say, well, that she charges, she
has her right, yes, yes, yes, yes, I will never
criticize that people charge for
interviews or that they charge for the
programs Perfect, it is a program that
generates a lot of passes and she has to charge
because without her there is no program
But that  in court it is taken into
account in court they say it's that you
[ __ ] it's that you are rich selling your life
You can't complain that a
person talks about your life because you don't
like what they are saying because you don't
like what they think when you sell your
life the level of criticism that you have to
endure is greater it is very important no and she has
sold everything she has sold everything she has
sold all her honor
So what do I tell you at the moment
that she docuseries I know that she is not
even going to try to appeal it she is not even going
to
try she is doing it through the media
because judicially she already knows that it is not that
she knows Rocío Carrasco already
tried to reopen the case when she suffered
the
suicide attempt and this is how it is Rocío Carrasco
after suffering the suicide attempt
wanted to reopen the case and tell the
judges this that I have been about to
commit this act that I have been about to
commit is gender violence because
my daughter is going to defend the father to Big
Brother it doesn't make any sense I
mean not even Juanca gives you a
news story So let's see let's see
let's see I  I can buy you many
things eh I mean there are a lot of people who
say no but it's that you everything that
Antonio David does or everything against Rocio
Carrasco I don't have any problem
against Rocio Carrasco and I think it has been
proven many times now
my daughter
HM can it hurt you that your daughter goes to
defend the father also I tell you that I
see it a little normal because if she has a
relationship with the father and not with you it
is normal that she goes to defend the
father of Big Brother Who goes there
No I know that it doesn't make sense to
get angry about it but well it
can hurt you it can make you feel bad it can
burn you but man that that the fact that
that news hits you for committing an attempted
suicide is supposed and that you
want to relate it like that let's see
for someone to commit a crime of
gender violence they have to have the
intention of committing a crime of
gender violence, I mean for example if
an act of mine affects my partner a lot I
mean imagine that I am no longer with
my my partner I leave her because I don't want to
be with
her and all  at night I go out for
drinks with my friends and eat a
strawberry ice cream and that terrifies you.
Hey, look, I'm not responsible for what
terrifies you. What do I
do? It's not a move that has to
do with her, it's not even a
Big Brother show, and then, well, there have
been moments inside the house
where she's talked about her, yes. Well,
the fact that the daughter is going to
defend the father on Big Brother
might bother you more or less, but no, it's not
an act of abuse. It's not an act of abuse, I'm
sorry. I'm sorry, it's not an act of abuse, it's not an
act of violence yet, it wouldn't be an act
of violence
either,
but I would still
understand her move more, I would
understand it even more, the
way she relates this to her. No, if
Rocío Flore had gone to defend the
father in an interview he's
doing against the mother, well, okay,
I'll tell you right now, damn it's that the daughter
is also attacking the mother, well,
come on, it wouldn't be gender violence either.
But well, it would still have to
do with her, but well, that's the thing, it
's not a
consequence of everything.  This is what is
happening to me with this gentleman and that you already
have on the table in this in this
lawsuit that I made to you and what was the
response of the
jurisprudence no once again they told him
sorry that you have gotten yourself into this
mess that the guy has to go to
jail and it can't be but we can't
determine that there is a
causal effect between you having wanted
eh or having
made a suicide attempt and that that
is responsible for everything that has
happened to you in recent years for that to
be gender violence
Antonio David would have had to have provoked By
the way with the intention of screwing her over for
her to have the suicide attempt Roman
has given away five members a kiss
Roman I looked at the members I looked at
the members now before starting the
live and they appear to me
1700 It seems very strange to me I think they have not
updated loset yet because
last night for me well we did the math and it
was 1913 So I think they have
added the 200 or so from yesterday
anyway okay the little sisters of Charity
there we have the challenge no there we have the
challenge that  We said yesterday that if each one
gives away five members we could
recover the 3000 that we had three
or four weeks ago. Now you guys are there. I'm not
forcing you, eh, whoever wants, eh. Now you guys are going to
value telesalseo. I'm already seeing
1900. Okay, we'll stay at 1900.
Okay, and in that case that they told her no,
the legal team didn't even decide to go
to the Supreme Court. She had another
possibility of appeal. She hasn't used it
because she knows that we're not going to see her
when she goes on TV, which is something
that would obviously harm the case.
If she wants to continue when she goes
because there are no longer any appeals in the courts. Of course, I
agree that the appeal has to
have a cassation interest.
I learned that now with the last move
that I had with the last move that I
said, well, what sense and they
explained to me more or less, I didn't understand
very well, what the cassation appeal is
and see you later,
you know, that is to say, said in silver. That Roco
Carasco and his team of lawyers also,
that if before a  attempted suicide they have already
considered that they cannot determine It
is not that they cannot determine that they do not determine
that this is a consequence or a
causality of everything that she is pointing out
about the practices of her
ex-husband that yes, of course
the case can be reopened of course it made me
laugh a lot now we will see okay
because they have been saying for these 3 years that it
can be opened that this is
awaiting new evidence of course daughter
but you know what new evidence is
new evidence it is not that the driver now
wants to testify against Antonio David
or that the other one takes a
video tape out of her cleavage new evidence is that
uh new evidence would be for example that
Anton David suddenly I have
always used the same example but it is that it
is the truly forgive me and that
Antonio David is not offended by this example
but it is that
Antonio David really has to give him a
sirocco Or is the only possibility that there
was to open that in that
provisional dismissal it has to be a new fact
that is sufficiently serious or in other words
that suddenly he takes off and Antonia gives him
for threatening her okay imagine yourself on
a call or the door appears
her house there with a knife well or
threatening her not with attacking her that will
never happen then of course they are lying
Sonia gorgeous how are you much Thank you
for becoming a member
sweetheart no but it is not karma Miriam I do
n't think this is a karma thing
says good night sooner or later
Karma acts and the life of a no no but
if this is not karma this is let's
see This is you file a complaint
justice decides and justice has already decided
or rather this today This today on the
date Already the deadline in which because it has to have it I mean
the procedural law has
certain times and justice has some
What is it
called what is the term justice
has
[Music]
some Oh what would it be
called What would it be called what is
the deadlines deadlines justice has certain
deadlines They are like that okay And then
nothing but what is that this matter It already
ended in September
2019 I mean nothing has moved
I want to make it very clear that
absolutely nothing has moved from
September 2019 until now  The only thing that
happens is that there are some years in which the law
leaves it provisionally dismissed because,
hey, because the law often makes mistakes,
the law makes mistakes both for good
and for bad, it can make mistakes. And so,
since we are talking about a
serious and delicate matter that can cause
harm, okay, well, it leaves it there
provisionally so that you have the
possibility in case there has been an
error, but the matter has not moved from
2019 until now, it has not moved, but it
will practically
never reopen it because it will never find
new evidence that is sufficiently
conclusive for the court to
trace that causal effect that is the
key to
everything completely.